Mention staging instance (#347)
packit/packit.dev: content/docs/packit-service.md

In order to continue, please head to the main [Packit guide]({{< ref "guide" >}}).

### Staging instance

[Packit-as-a-Service-stg](https://github.com/apps/packit-as-a-service-stg) GitHub App
runs the latest code. It can be used to verify latest changes until they get

> (every Mon/Tue) into the [prod instance](https://github.com/marketplace/packit-as-a-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(every Tuesday) into the [prod instance](https://github.com/marketplace/packit-as-a-service).
```
Mon is our day :)
